# Module lang file

SUBMIT_VIEW         =   view
SUBMIT_PRINT        =   print
SUBMIT_ADD          =   add
SUBMIT_INSERT       =   insert
SUBMIT_EDIT         =   edit
SUBMIT_UPDATE       =   update
SUBMIT_DELETE       =   delete
SUBMIT_UPLOAD       =   upload
SUBMIT_SEARCH       =   search
SUBMIT_START        =   start
SUBMIT_STOP         =   stop
SUBMIT_OPEN         =   open
SUBMIT_CLOSE        =   close
SUBMIT_OK           =   OK
SUBMIT_ASSIGN       =   assign
SUBMIT_RESET        =   reset

[en]
acl             = Permissions
description_acl = Access control list
contacts        = Contacts
description_contacts = Manage contacts
custom          = Custom page
description_custom = Create custom page
index           = Home page
description_index = Index page
test            = Test page
description_test = Test page
skeleton        = Skeleton
description_skeleton = N/A

[bg]

[de]

# End lang file